Add new influxdb3 write and query input methods (#5807)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/influxdb3-cli/query.md

## Arguments

- **QUERY**: The query to execute. Provide the query in one of the following ways:

>   - a string on the command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - a string
```

| `-d`   | `--database` | _({{< req >}})_ Name of the database to operate on                                       |
|        | `--token`    | Authentication token                                                                     |
| `-l`   | `--language` | Query language of the query string (`sql` _(default)_ or `influxql`)                     |
|        | `--format`   | Output format (`pretty` _(default)_, `json`, `jsonl`, `csv`, `parquet`)                  |
| `-o`   | `--output`   | Output query results to the specified file                                               |

> | `-f`   | `--file`     | File containing the query to execute                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-f`   | `--file`     | A file that contains the query to execute                                                     |
```
